Kyma release 1.17.1-rc1 (#10171)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guides/1.15-1.17.md

All Istio-related objects in Kyma are updated, but the migration may be necessary for the Istio objects created manually in your cluster.
Please read the [Istio upgrade notes](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.5.x/announcing-1.5/upgrade-notes/) for the details.
Please ensure you're not using Istio RBAC, which is [deprecated](https://istio.io/v1.5/docs/reference/config/security/istio.rbac.v1alpha1/) and may not work after the upgrade. Use the [Authorization Policy](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy/) to configure authorization for your services.

> Ensure Istio sidecars for all Pods are in the proper version after the upgrade. See the [Troubleshooting sidecar version](https://kyma-project.io/?docs/1.17.1/components/service-mesh/=troubleshooting-istio-sidecar-version-after-kyma-upgrade) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure Istio sidecars for all Pods are in the proper version after the upgrade. See the [Troubleshooting sidecar version](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-mesh#troubleshooting-incompatible-istio-sidecar-version-after-kyma-upgrade) for more information.
```

```

The command returns a list of pairs consisting of the Virtual Service name and allowed origins. Look for entries different from `{VS_NAME} : [*]` and migrate them manually to the [new version](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service/#CorsPolicy). You can find the old configuration under the key `spec.http.corsPolicy.allowOrigin`.

> Ensure Istio sidecars for all Pods are in the proper version after the upgrade. See the [Troubleshooting sidecar version](https://kyma-project.io/?docs/1.17.1/components/service-mesh/=troubleshooting-istio-sidecar-version-after-kyma-upgrade) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure Istio sidecars for all Pods are in the proper version after the upgrade. See the [Troubleshooting sidecar version](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-mesh#troubleshooting-incompatible-istio-sidecar-version-after-kyma-upgrade) for more information.
```
